< Dos was a tree, a simple tree, nothing special, only a tree. But that would soon change... Christmas was around the corner, and people were starting to decorate the beloved Christmas trees that would shine and fill the world with light, joy and colors. And thanks to the ancient magic and the help of the humans, things would change for Dos.
< Dos looked at that beautiful tree. Cast a powerful ancient spell, and stole a bit of that magic. 
< Dos lived in a lonely forest of Canada, way too far from humans, so no one noticed that the lonely tree in the middle of that old forest, was not a simple tree anymore. 
< Yes! Another tree! Another bit of magic that would be transferred through the ancient spell!
< And Yet another! 
< This is working! Thought Dos, I could have never imagined it would happen to me! And yet, here I am, becoming a real Christmas tree!
< Here we go! Another one! 
< Keep on with that Xmas tree hunting! It is working! 
< Dos wished that its parent hadn't gone silent. Dos missed it, and the outstanding presence of its body was a constant reminder of the wise tree that once gave him advice, explained how to extend its roots and how to treasure the sunlight. Dos thought it would be proud as well. 
< All that magic was warm, and Dos was feeling right, and wanted more! 
< Yet another three, those humans were doing a great job! 
< Dos couldn't believe how fast it was going, it seemed to be working, humans were finding targets, and the ancient spell giving Dos the magic, and the love that humans spent on those other trees. 
< Dos was envious of those trees that didn't have to do anything, they were just found, decorated and loved. They didn't earn it. They did not deserve it! 
< More magic through its wood. More magic at the tips of its leaves. 
< More magic, more magic taken from other trees. Those trees that did not deserve it... 
< That tree didn't need this anyway, it was already loved, Dos needed it more. 
< Dos was looking beautiful, but the warmer it got with the stolen love, the faster the heat was lost in the cold air of Canada. 
< Another target, more heat to be lost in the air. 
< Dos absorbed another Christmas tree. But then it heard a branch falling to the cold ground. That ancient spell had given him the desired magic from the Christmas trees, but while doing so, without Dos noticing, it started draining the life of all the living beings that were around. The ground was now dirt, with dry plants. 
< Another bunch of Christmas energy came, but Dos could see how a small bird, too tired already to fly was falling from a
neighbor tree. 
< With the next tree, more death. 
< Dos realized what it had done, and tried to reject the incoming energy that kept arriving, drained from the Christmas trees, using the life of everything that lived around. But the ancient spell would not be simply stopped. 
< Another bit of magic, another bit of suffering 
< Another Christmas tree was left without love, and more life was taken to do so. 
< The now special, awesome, beautiful Dos, was feeling sick of being worm, of being loved, of being special. 
< The energy drain was starting to dry the trees of the forest, and the animals were barely moving from exhaustion. And then, Dos saw its parent, die. Silent, in that state that trees voluntarily change when they have lived enough. Dos always blamed it for doing that step, denying its wisdom and company to the child that was born from its seed. But now for the first time, Dos understood. 
< This would be the last bunch of magic and life that would be stolen. Dos gave a last look to the old tree, and gave away its will, its perception of the world, and closed himself inside the wood, far away from any interaction, ending like this the evil spell once and for all. 
< After some time, when someone found that beautiful fantastic tree, they cut it to make a fantastic Christmas tree. 
< Thank you for playing!
< This has been done for the Ludum Dare 41. Coding and Art made by Genis Bayona.   The music is the Vision Fugitives Op.22 of Prokofiev, by Boris Berman.
< Hope you have enjoyed, have a wonderful day!
< : )
$
